question,answer
"How to reset my password?","Go to https://account.live.com/password/reset and follow instructions."
"How to install Microsoft Teams?","Download from https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-teams/download-app and follow installation steps."
"What is Multi Recruit?","Multi Recruit is a recruitment solutions provider for startups and SMEs in India."
"How to upload my resume?","Log in to Multi Recruit portal, go to Job Seeker dashboard, and click 'Upload Resume'."
"How to contact IT support?","Email it-support@multirecruit.com or call 1800-123-456."
"What are the working hours?","Our office hours are Monday to Friday, 9 AM to 6 PM."
"How to apply for a job?","Go to our Careers page, select the job, and click Apply Now."
"How to schedule an interview?","Once your application is shortlisted, HR will send an email to schedule an interview."
"How to check application status?","Log in to your account and go to the 'My Applications' section."
"How to reset Teams password?","Teams uses your Microsoft account password. Reset it at https://account.live.com/password/reset."
"What is the payroll processing timeline?","Payroll is processed monthly and distributed on the 1st working day of the next month."
"How to update personal information?","Go to your profile in Multi Recruit portal and click 'Edit Profile'."
"How to request leave?","Submit your leave request via the HR portal or contact HR directly."
"How to change email signature in Outlook?","Go to File → Options → Mail → Signatures and edit your signature."
"How to book a conference room?","Use the Outlook calendar to check availability and book a room."
"How to enable two-factor authentication?","Go to your Microsoft account settings → Security → Two-step verification."
"How to join a Teams meeting?","Click the meeting link sent via email or join via the Teams app using the meeting ID."
"How to recover deleted emails?","Check the 'Deleted Items' folder in Outlook. If not found, contact IT support."
"How to report a technical issue?","Raise a ticket via IT helpdesk portal or send an email to it-support@multirecruit.com."
"How to reset my VPN connection?","Disconnect and reconnect your VPN client. If it fails, contact IT support."
"How to install software?","Request installation approval from IT, then follow the installation guide provided."
"How to access company Wi-Fi?","Use your employee credentials to log in to the corporate Wi-Fi network."
"How to update Windows?","Go to Settings → Update & Security → Windows Update → Check for updates."
"How to connect printer?","Install the printer driver from IT portal and follow the setup instructions."
"How to set up email on mobile?","Use Outlook mobile app, enter your corporate email, and follow the guided setup."
"How to reset Teams status?","Click your profile → Set status → Available/Busy/Do Not Disturb."
"How to submit timesheet?","Log in to the HR portal and submit your weekly timesheet before Friday 6 PM."
"How to request hardware?","Submit a request via IT portal with justification for the hardware."
"How to change password in Windows?","Press Ctrl+Alt+Del → Change a password, or use the password reset portal."
"How to access shared drive?","Map the network drive using the UNC path provided by IT."
"How to report phishing emails?","Forward the email to security@multirecruit.com and delete it from your inbox."
"How to enable Outlook notifications?","Go to File → Options → Mail → Message arrival and enable alerts."
"How to schedule video interview?","HR will send a link for scheduling through the Multi Recruit portal."
"How to upload documents for verification?","Upload documents via the HR portal under 'Document Submission'."
"How to contact recruitment consultant?","Email your assigned recruitment consultant or use the chat option in the portal."
"How to update bank account details?","Go to Payroll section in HR portal and update your bank details."
"How to reset forgotten email password?","Use https://account.live.com/password/reset or contact IT for assistance."
"How to request help for Teams issues?","Contact IT support via portal or email it-support@multirecruit.com."
"How to download HR policies?","HR policies are available in the 'Documents' section on Multi Recruit portal."
"How to report system outage?","Contact IT immediately via portal or call the emergency line."
"How to request backup of files?","Submit a backup request via IT portal with justification."
"How to access training materials?","Go to the Learning section in Multi Recruit portal and access available courses."
"How to submit feedback?","Use the Feedback form available in your employee dashboard."
"How to check leave balance?","Log in to HR portal → Leave section → View balance."
"How to change personal email?","Update your personal email in profile settings on the portal."
"How to request appraisal info?","Contact HR or check the Appraisal section in the portal."
